IEEE template

Conference papers in 2 formats : 1.IEEE formats 2.Springer formats

Report in IEEE formats(maximum of  6 pages)

ORDER:

Abstraction
Intro
Related works (Literature Survey)
Dataset details
Proposed Methodology
Results and Analysis
Conclusion and Future works


1.Abstract 150-200 words : first two lines about application and importance of the topic
next two lines on what models you are experimenting (regression/clustering/classification)and the dataset from which were sourced it.
then we have to write about the Best results reported mostly accuracy and f1 score.
Enhancement from baseline.


2.Introduction: 1-1.5 pages. it should be like a story type . 
for Broad domain(not for us) they have to write about it in para1. 
Application of our topic in para2.
Techniques which we have experimented para3.
About proposed Models in para4.
about the section overview in para5.
Contributions as two or three bullet points.(Major contributions of the proposed works).


3.RelatedWorks(language of 3rd person): first we should write some 1 to 3 lines introduction about the types of papers we are searching. we should write a paragraph about every paper which contain(model design  experimented models , results reported , dataset and challenges and limitations of each paper).





NOTE:
use bunch of ml models , ensemble models and some 1 or 2 deep learning models.
we have to write about link of dataset in the dataset description.
collect some research papers published on our dataset for literature survey(related works).
we should select at least some 10 papers for the literature survey.(select only from published after 2020/2019).(definitely include some papers from 2023/2024)
overall we should get at least 22 references(22 papers) and 10 should be given to introduction and out of these 22 we should refer at least 4 to 6 amrita citations(necessary)(mam's last 5 year papers). and mostly other is spread in literature survey.
using Ai to rephrasing our work is ok but not creating content is accepted.
try avoiding reusing papers again and again.


















